
MySQL Administrator - FAQ
-------------------------

General:
-------------------------

Q: I've found a bug. What should I do?

A: Please go to http://bugs.mysql.com and submit a bug report. 

--

Q: I read MySQL Administrator only support MySQL 4.x databases. I have 3.x.
Can I still use MySQL Administrator?

A: Please notice that MySQL 3.x databases are not officially supported 
although you can establish a connection. You should seriously consider 
upgrading to 4.x.



Windows:
-------------------------

Q: How do I install MySQL Administrator on my system?

A: Download the mysql-administrator-[version]-win.zip file
and open it. Doubleclick the setup.exe to start the installation. Then 
follow the instructions on the screen.

On systems other than Windows XP you will need an additional
ZIP software to extract the setup file.

--

Q: I cannot install MySQL Administrator on my system. What to do?

A: MySQL Administrator uses a Microsoft MSI installer. For Windows operating 
systems that do not have MSI available, including Windows 95, 98, Me, and NT 
4.0, you can get the MSI files from Microsoft or from our windows download page.

Alternatively, you can simply use the 
mysqladministrator-[version]-win-noinstall.zip for a manual install.

--

Q: Which versions of Windows are supported by MySQL Administrator?

A: MySQL Administrator has been tested on Windows XP, Windows 2000, and
Windows NT 4.0.

--

Q: MySQL Administrator keeps crashing as soon as displaying the 
connection dialog. How can I fix this?

A: Please go to c:\Documents and Settings\[YourUsername]\Application Data\MySQL.
Delete all files located in this directory.

--

Q: All controls in the windows look somehow displaced. What can I do?

A: Please got to Start > Control Panel > Display. Select Settings and
click the Advanced button. Then change your DPI settings to Normal (96 DPI)

--

Q: Is there some documentation about MySQL Adminstrator?

A: Simply press F1 to display the Help file or select Help from the Main Menu.



Linux:
-------------------------


Q: How do I install MySQL Administrator on my Linux system?

A: Download the mysql-administrator-[version]-linux.tar.gz file,
go to the directory you would like to have it installed (normally in /opt)
and execute the following:

gunzip -c mysql-administrator-[versio]-linux.tar.gz | tar xv 

The application binary will be installed in mysql-administrator/bin, 
from where you can execute 'mysql-administrator' to start the application.

In mysql-administrator/share/applications, there will be a .desktop file
which you can copy to your desktop to create a launcher icon.

--

Q: Which versions of Linux are supported by MySQL Administrator?

A: MySQL Administrator has been tested on Fedora Core 1 with glibc 2.3.2.
Most other libraries, including Gtk+ are statically linked.
Any recent distribution with glibc 2.3 should work fine.

--

Q: What do I need to build MySQL Administrator?

A: Apart from the g++ development suite, you will need the following
libraries and corresponding development packages:

- gtk-2.x
- gtkmm-2.x
- libglade-2.x
- libxml-2.6.4
- libpcre-4.x
- mysql-4.0 

--

Q: How can I build MySQL Administrator myself?

A: The following BitKeeper modules can be downloaded from 
http://mysql.bkbits.net, using the BitKeeper version management system:

- mysql-gui-common
- mysql-administrator

Alternatively, download the source package from 
http://www.mysql.com/downloads/administrator.html

For each directory, execute the following commands:

sh autogen.sh
./configure
make
make install

If everything went well, you should have the mysql-administrator binary 
built and installed in /usr/local/bin

--

Q: Why do messages and captions appear so big?

A: Your display resolution is probably set too high. Use gnome-font-properties
to change your default font to something smaller or go to "Details" and set 
your resolution to 72 or some other value that suits you better.



